[Music]
glad you could make it Luther watch your
tone with me boy you may be the prince
but I'm still your superior as a paladin
as if I could forget listen either
there's something about the plague you
should know we're too late
these people have all been infected they
may look fine now but it's just a matter
of time before they turn into the undead
this entire city must be purged what how
can you even consider that there's got
to be some other way damn it ether as
your future king i order you to purge
this city you are not my king yet boy
nor would I obey that command even if
you were then I must consider this an
act of treason treason have you lost
your mind Arthas have I lore do Thur by
my right of succession and the
sovereignty of my crown I hereby relieve
you of your command and suspend your
paladins from service office you can't
just it's done those of you who have the
will to save this land follow me the
rest of you get out of my sight you've
just crossed a terrible threshold Arthas
Gina
I'm sorry Arthas I can't watch you do
this
you